# Information

- This file uses markdown formating.

- **Your submitted answer must be a PDF file.**

- You may create the PDF file any way you want.  Some options:
    - Write your answer as markdown in this file, then use a markdown-to-PDF converter that supports math, such as [pandoc](https://pandoc.org/)
        - If you use pandoc, try the command `pandoc -H head.tex Q1.md -o Q1.pdf`
        - If you get errors when running pandoc, try: 
            1. `pandoc -H head.tex Q1.md -so Q1.tex`
            1. `latex Q1.tex`
    - Write your answers in LaTeX
    - Write your answers in MS-Word, LibreOffice, or some other word processor (WordStar anyone?)
    - Write your answers on paper and scan/take-a-photo of the answer
        - Ensure that you have good lighting and that the photo is taken directly above the paper to avoid keystoning.

# Q1: Circuit Verification

## Q1a: Maximum Size of Circuit

You are verifying the correctness of floating-point divider circuits.  Your first task is to figure out how large of a circuit (as measured in the number of bits in the input data) you can verify.

- The circuit has 2 inputs, each of $n$ bits, where $n$ is the value that you need to determine.

- It takes 2000 clock cycles on a comptuter to simulate one test case.

- Your computers have a clock speed of 3.5 GHz.

- You have a rack of 200 computers to use for simulation.

- You may run the simulations for 3 months (90 days).

What is the maximum value of $n$ that satisfies your constraints?

### Q1a: Answer


\clearpage
## Q1b: Time to Run Simulation

If the circuit has 64 bit inputs, how long will it take to run the verification?

### Q1b: Answer
