# Q3: Testing devices on a computer bus

You are developing an embedded computer system that uses an AMBA bus. 

- Your system is compatible with 12 categories of devices (camera, GPS, etc.)

- There are 5 manufacturers who make all 12 categories of devices.

- Each manufacturer makes exactly one device in each category.

- Your system has 8 slots on the bus, where each slot may contain 1 device.

## Q3a

If you want to test all possible configurations of devices connected to the bus, how many configurations satisfy the criteria below?

- All slots are identical -- that is, a configuration is dependent upon only which devices are connected to the bus, independent of which slot a device is in.
- Empty slots are allowed.

- **Multiple** devices of the **same category** from **different manufacturers** may be used.
- **At most one** instances of the same device (**same category** and **same manufacturer**) may be used.
- Multiple **different categories** from the **same manufacturer** may be used.


### Q3a: Answer


\clearpage
## Q3b

If you want to test all possible configurations of devices connected to the bus, how many configurations satisfy the criteria below?

- All slots are identical 
- Each slot has a device (no empty slots)

- **At most one** device from **each category**  may be used.
- Multiple **different categories** from the **same manufacturer** may be used.

### Q3b: Answer

    
\clearpage
## Q3c: Allow Empty Slots

If we modify Q3b to allow empty slots, the problem does not fit any of our standard techniques.  Explain why.

\clearpage
### Q3c: Answer

